2 Weeks. 14 Days. A Fortnight.

Spent thinking of you.

Alone. Tired. And Lost.

You blame my brain, I blame my heart.

I blame him, you fault me because of him;

And what's between my legs.

I did not choose to fall in love with you.

I will never be him.

Insanity is defined as such; 

Outside of a courtroom, is defined as a severely disordered or deranged state of the mind, madness, or extreme foolishness.

Falling in Love is something I have done exactly 4 times in my life.

Once at 15, until I was 36. We were married, it was breathtaking.

Then, shortly after she left because I did my best to try and find it again and I did for 3 years.

The third time is a charm, it cost me 2 years, the love of a 9 year old boy I cherished very much, my friends, family and self confidence to a bartender who would consistently remind me when we fought how little of a man I was, how I was not his father (even tho Dad stopped paying child support the second I moved in) 
and how much she hated men at the core because of what they had done to her. 

If this sounds familiar to you.

It's because it's the same thing you told me tonight on the Patio.

We're all the same person.

So the next time you are sitting alone thinking about texting me that you have no one. 

Think about that time you sat on my Patio, after I picked you up, gave you the things I thought you needed.

You called me annoying
Insane
And that your body was literally repelled by me.
Because of them and what they did to you.

Not because of the guy that was sitting here 10 minutes before at his computer
Wondering how he was going to find the words to tell you how much you meant to him.

I am literally sitting here physically repulsed at the thoughtof being with another woman. 
So congratulations, it worked.

You have successfully passed your trauma onto a man who found out he has autism 9 months ago
Cannot understand very basic human communication sometimes
Says the wrong things. 
Does the wrong things.
And is effected by the actions of others for weeks at a time, and when it comes to matters of my hearts. 
It hurts
It's dark.
And I cannot forget how you made me feel despite how hard I try
So while you're eating some random girls asshole tonight as you said. 
Have a look in their for your heart.

Maybe it is insanity.
Maybe it's autism.

Or maybe it's just the universe telling us something we already knew. 



